For EmberTimes No. 76: Add Ember CLI ESLint Writeup (#3719)
emberjs/website: source/blog/2018-12-07-the-ember-times-issue-76.md

---

## [Set the Future Direction of Linting Ember Apps 📝](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8219)

In this [work-in-progress draft for restructuring the linting workflow in Ember applications](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8219) the implementation of
[Ember CLI RFC (Request for Comments) #121](https://github.com/ember-cli/rfcs/pull/121) has begun -
and your **guidance** as part of the Ember community **is needed**!

[Based on the RFC's design strategy](https://github.com/sangm/rfcs/blob/master/active/0000-remove-ember-cli-eslint.md#detailed-design) Ember's **linting** story is about to be aligned with best practices used in the general JavaScript ecosystem.
And there are still decisions to be made: Do you for example expect your linting tests to run
with `ember build` and `ember serve`? How would you linting integrate best into your CI pipeline?

> Let the [your thoughts on how to swap Ember CLI ESLint for ESLint know](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8219) to support the delivery of the best linting solution for the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let [your thoughts on how to swap Ember CLI ESLint for ESLint be known](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8219) to support the delivery of the best linting solution for the community!
```

Author: 🙇‍♀️
